1. Web Scraping
    Target Site: Best Buy
    Product Category: Laptops

    For each product, extract:
    - Product title
    - Price
    - Description
    - Product URL
    - Product rating  

2. LLM Summarization
    2.1 A concise 2–3 sentence summary
        Prompt: You are an experienced Marketing specialist. Your task is to maximize sales for the product. Please generate concise 2–3 sentence summary using the following information: Product descrintion {description}, key features {features}. 
    2.2 A tagline or bullet-point highlights
        Prompt: 
        You are a marketing copywriter. Based on the following product description {description} and key features {features}, generate a catchy, concise tagline (no more than 10 words) that communicates the product’s main benefit. Respond to the question: "What a user can do best with this product?". Finish by mentioning consicely the product name. 
            For example, 
            'Unleash limitless creativity with Surface Pro's AI-powered versatility.'
            'Unleash Power and Portability with ASUS Vivobook 16.'
            'Elevate Your Efficiency with Zenbook 14 OLED.'
            
    2.3 You are a marketing copywriter. Based on the following product description  and key features, generate five bullet-point highlights that summarize the most compelling features and advantages in a way that would appeal to customers.
            Product Description: {description}
            Key Features: {features}
    2.4 A comparison with other products in the same category
        - Get three products with the highest review rating.
        - Use Langchain to create an agent to generate 5 questions for comparison criteria. Ask which product is the best for this criteria
        - Use Langchain to create an agent to generate 5 answers for the questions. Explain why this product is the best in the criteria.
    
3. Output Results
    API Endpoint: Develop a REST API using Flask with an endpoint GET /products to serve the data.
    return the comparison between products 
